1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semntic HTML gives meaning to our content such as nav, secntion, footer, h1 -h6, etc.

    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTMl is used for the skeletal structure and basis for an internet page. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is a modifier for HTML tags that provicde additional information. We put attributes in the opening tag and it consists of name and value pair.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag stands for heading 1. In HTMl there are 6 'h' tags and typically we use the h1 tag for title of a page and it is only to be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Two tags that require attributes are img, and the 'a' tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The head tag contains title, meta, and style tags.

    7. What is an id? 
    An id attribute specifies a unique id for an element. There can only be one unique id per element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    The id element can be used on every HTML element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class?
     A class attribute is used to bunch elements of equal styles. Unlike id, you can give mulitple elements the same class name

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    The class attribute can be used on every HTML element
     
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    You can use the same class on a page as many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    In the anchor element, after the href, you want to add target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    the alt attribute is used for addition/alternative information related to an image if the person cannot view the image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    To reference an id, you want to use the # symbol

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a div is not semantic and it does have any meaning while a section groups things related to a single theme on a web page

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for the styling of a webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select an element we type the element followed by {} brackets. So for example for every h2 on a page we would type h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used on multiple elements and you call it with a "." while an id name can only be used once and we call it with a "#". We use a class when we want to consistently style multiple elements throughout a page while an id can be used if we want to style one specific thing

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    We select classes in CSS by using a "." followed by the class name

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    To select a p element with a single class of "human" we would type .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    To select all links within a div with a class of sidebar we would type .sidebar a:link {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector selects elements that are in a specific state. They target elements that cant be targeted with combinators like id or class

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    To change the specing between lines, we want to use the line height property in CSS(line-height)

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    To change the spacing between letters, we want to use the letter spacing property in CSS(letter-spacing)

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    To change everything to capitals, lowercase or to capitalize, we want to use the text-transform property in CSS (text-transform)

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    #div { border: dotted 1px black}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    To select everything on a page we use the "*" selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    To write a comment in CSS we start with /* and end with */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    To see a list of files in your current folder, you use "ls" command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    To remove a file we use the "rm" command. We need to becareful with this because once we erase it, its gone for good

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    version control allows us to keep changes made to our code over time and we can even revert back to specific versions of code

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    We should commit every 20 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    step 1 create your own repo by forking 
    step 2 add your TL as a collaborator on your forked repo
    step 3 clone your repo 
    step 4 back in your CLI go to the directory you want to clone your repo
    step 5 clone your repo
    step 6 cd in your new created repo
    step 7 use git checkout -b 'first-last' to create a branch
    step 8 when you're finished you type git add, git ommit -m "your message here", git push -u origin branch-name




    https://codepen.io/emixo/pen/wvaydqM?editors=1100